## jcabi-github: 67d6f35c1e9d24cdfb7489e224fc194f38cb1113 ##
--- com.jcabi.github.ClasspathRule
java.lang.Exception: No runnable methods
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.validateInstanceMethods(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:169)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.collectInitializationErrors(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:104)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.validate(ParentRunner.java:355)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.<init>(ParentRunner.java:76)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.<init>(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:57)
	at org.junit.internal.builders.JUnit4Builder.runnerForClass(JUnit4Builder.java:10)
	at org.junit.runners.model.RunnerBuilder.safeRunnerForClass(RunnerBuilder.java:59)
	at org.junit.internal.builders.AllDefaultPossibilitiesBuilder.runnerForClass(AllDefaultPossibilitiesBuilder.java:26)
	at org.junit.runners.model.RunnerBuilder.safeRunnerForClass(RunnerBuilder.java:59)
	at org.junit.internal.requests.ClassRequest.getRunner(ClassRequest.java:26)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.<init>(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:30)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.<init>(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:24)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:423)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:474)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtCollaboratorsTest::canIterate
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkUsers.<init>(MkUsers.java:79)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.users(MkGithub.java:157)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtCollaborators$1.map(RtCollaborators.java:141)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtCollaborators$1.map(RtCollaborators.java:138)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtValuePagination$Items.next(RtValuePagination.java:171)
	at org.hamcrest.collection.IsIterableWithSize.featureValueOf(IsIterableWithSize.java:21)
	at org.hamcrest.collection.IsIterableWithSize.featureValueOf(IsIterableWithSize.java:11)
	at org.hamcrest.FeatureMatcher.matchesSafely(FeatureMatcher.java:40)
	at org.hamcrest.TypeSafeDiagnosingMatcher.matches(TypeSafeDiagnosingMatcher.java:55)
	at org.hamcrest.MatcherAssert.assertThat(MatcherAssert.java:12)
	at org.hamcrest.MatcherAssert.assertThat(MatcherAssert.java:8)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtCollaboratorsTest.canIterate(RtCollaboratorsTest.java:77)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest::removesComment
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest.repo(RtCommentTest.java:209)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest.removesComment(RtCommentTest.java:108)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest::returnsItsIssue
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest.repo(RtCommentTest.java:209)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest.returnsItsIssue(RtCommentTest.java:80)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest::returnsItsNumber
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest.repo(RtCommentTest.java:209)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest.returnsItsNumber(RtCommentTest.java:92)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest::returnsItsJSon
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest.repo(RtCommentTest.java:209)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest.returnsItsJSon(RtCommentTest.java:135)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest::canCompareInstances
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest.repo(RtCommentTest.java:209)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest.canCompareInstances(RtCommentTest.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest::patchesComment
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest.repo(RtCommentTest.java:209)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest.patchesComment(RtCommentTest.java:160)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest::givesToString
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest.repo(RtCommentTest.java:209)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtCommentTest.givesToString(RtCommentTest.java:187)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentTest::canDescribeAsJson
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentTest.repo(RtPullCommentTest.java:149)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentTest.canDescribeAsJson(RtPullCommentTest.java:91)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentTest::canCompareInstances
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentTest.repo(RtPullCommentTest.java:149)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentTest.canCompareInstances(RtPullCommentTest.java:64)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentTest::patchesComment
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentTest.repo(RtPullCommentTest.java:149)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentTest.patchesComment(RtPullCommentTest.java:119)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentsTest::fetchesPullComment
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentsTest.repo(RtPullCommentsTest.java:245)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentsTest.fetchesPullComment(RtPullCommentsTest.java:70)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentsTest::createsPullComment
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentsTest.repo(RtPullCommentsTest.java:245)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentsTest.createsPullComment(RtPullCommentsTest.java:173)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentsTest::removesPullComment
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentsTest.repo(RtPullCommentsTest.java:245)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentsTest.removesPullComment(RtPullCommentsTest.java:221)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentsTest::iteratesRepoPullComments
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentsTest.repo(RtPullCommentsTest.java:245)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentsTest.iteratesRepoPullComments(RtPullCommentsTest.java:87)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentsTest::iteratesPullRequestComments
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentsTest.repo(RtPullCommentsTest.java:245)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtPullCommentsTest.iteratesPullRequestComments(RtPullCommentsTest.java:133)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtReferenceTest::fetchesContent
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReferenceTest.repo(RtReferenceTest.java:165)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReferenceTest.fetchesContent(RtReferenceTest.java:96)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtReferenceTest::patchesContent
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReferenceTest.repo(RtReferenceTest.java:165)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReferenceTest.patchesContent(RtReferenceTest.java:67)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtReferenceTest::returnsRef
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReferenceTest.repo(RtReferenceTest.java:165)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReferenceTest.returnsRef(RtReferenceTest.java:121)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtReferenceTest::returnsOwner
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReferenceTest.repo(RtReferenceTest.java:165)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReferenceTest.returnsOwner(RtReferenceTest.java:139)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtReferencesTest::iteratesReferences
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReferencesTest.repo(RtReferencesTest.java:138)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReferencesTest.iteratesReferences(RtReferencesTest.java:96)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtReferencesTest::removesReference
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReferencesTest.repo(RtReferencesTest.java:138)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReferencesTest.removesReference(RtReferencesTest.java:119)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtReferencesTest::createsReference
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReferencesTest.repo(RtReferencesTest.java:138)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReferencesTest.createsReference(RtReferencesTest.java:66)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetTest::patchesAsset
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetTest.release(RtReleaseAssetTest.java:191)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetTest.patchesAsset(RtReleaseAssetTest.java:105)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetTest::removesAsset
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetTest.release(RtReleaseAssetTest.java:191)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetTest.removesAsset(RtReleaseAssetTest.java:140)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetTest::rawAsset
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetTest.release(RtReleaseAssetTest.java:191)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetTest.rawAsset(RtReleaseAssetTest.java:166)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetTest::canObtainOwnRelease
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetTest.release(RtReleaseAssetTest.java:191)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetTest.canObtainOwnRelease(RtReleaseAssetTest.java:82)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetTest::canRepresentAsJson
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetTest.release(RtReleaseAssetTest.java:191)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetTest.canRepresentAsJson(RtReleaseAssetTest.java:67)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetsTest::uploadReleaseAsset
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetsTest.release(RtReleaseAssetsTest.java:111)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetsTest.uploadReleaseAsset(RtReleaseAssetsTest.java:77)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetsTest::getReleaseAsset
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetsTest.release(RtReleaseAssetsTest.java:111)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetsTest.getReleaseAsset(RtReleaseAssetsTest.java:96)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetsTest::listReleaseAssets
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetsTest.release(RtReleaseAssetsTest.java:111)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtReleaseAssetsTest.listReleaseAssets(RtReleaseAssetsTest.java:59)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtTagTest::fetchesContent
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtTagTest.repo(RtTagTest.java:83)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtTagTest.fetchesContent(RtTagTest.java:65)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.RtTagsTest::createsTag
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtTagsTest.repo(RtTagsTest.java:107)
	at com.jcabi.github.RtTagsTest.createsTag(RtTagsTest.java:74)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.JsonPatchTest::patchesXml
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.JsonPatch.patch(JsonPatch.java:80)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.JsonPatchTest.patchesXml(JsonPatchTest.java:52)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkAssigneesTest::checkOwnerIsAssigneeForRepo
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkAssigneesTest.repo(MkAssigneesTest.java:92)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkAssigneesTest.checkOwnerIsAssigneeForRepo(MkAssigneesTest.java:81)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkAssigneesTest::checkCollaboratorIsAssigneeForRepo
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkAssigneesTest.repo(MkAssigneesTest.java:92)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkAssigneesTest.checkCollaboratorIsAssigneeForRepo(MkAssigneesTest.java:66)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkAssigneesTest::iteratesAssignees
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkAssigneesTest.repo(MkAssigneesTest.java:92)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkAssigneesTest.iteratesAssignees(MkAssigneesTest.java:55)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkBlobsTest::canCreateBlob
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkBlobsTest.repo(MkBlobsTest.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkBlobsTest.canCreateBlob(MkBlobsTest.java:54)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkBlobsTest::getBlob
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkBlobsTest.repo(MkBlobsTest.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkBlobsTest.getBlob(MkBlobsTest.java:68)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkCollaboratorsTest::addAndRemove
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkCollaboratorsTest.collaborators(MkCollaboratorsTest.java:96)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkCollaboratorsTest.addAndRemove(MkCollaboratorsTest.java:52)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkCollaboratorsTest::isCollaborator
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkCollaboratorsTest.collaborators(MkCollaboratorsTest.java:96)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkCollaboratorsTest.isCollaborator(MkCollaboratorsTest.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkCommentTest::changesBody
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkCommentTest.comment(MkCommentTest.java:98)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkCommentTest.changesBody(MkCommentTest.java:53)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkCommentsTest::iteratesComments
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkCommentsTest.comments(MkCommentsTest.java:67)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkCommentsTest.iteratesComments(MkCommentsTest.java:52)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentTest::canGetOwnPath
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentTest.repo(MkContentTest.java:156)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentTest.canGetOwnPath(MkContentTest.java:77)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentTest::canGetOwnRepo
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentTest.repo(MkContentTest.java:156)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentTest.canGetOwnRepo(MkContentTest.java:59)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentTest::fetchesJsonRepresentation
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentTest.repo(MkContentTest.java:156)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentTest.fetchesJsonRepresentation(MkContentTest.java:95)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentTest::fetchesRawRepresentation
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentTest.repo(MkContentTest.java:156)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentTest.fetchesRawRepresentation(MkContentTest.java:114)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentsTest::canFetchReadmeFromBranch
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentsTest.repo(MkContentsTest.java:293)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentsTest.canFetchReadmeFromBranch(MkContentsTest.java:87)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentsTest::updatesFileCreateCommit
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentsTest.repo(MkContentsTest.java:307)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentsTest.updatesFileCreateCommit(MkContentsTest.java:199)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentsTest::canRemoveFile
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentsTest.repo(MkContentsTest.java:293)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentsTest.canRemoveFile(MkContentsTest.java:137)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentsTest::canCreateFile
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentsTest.repo(MkContentsTest.java:293)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentsTest.canCreateFile(MkContentsTest.java:103)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentsTest::canFetchReadmeFile
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentsTest.repo(MkContentsTest.java:293)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkContentsTest.canFetchReadmeFile(MkContentsTest.java:72)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkDeployKeysTest::canCreateDeployKey
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkDeployKeysTest.repo(MkDeployKeysTest.java:126)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkDeployKeysTest.canCreateDeployKey(MkDeployKeysTest.java:77)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkDeployKeysTest::canFetchEmptyListOfDeployKeys
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkDeployKeysTest.repo(MkDeployKeysTest.java:126)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkDeployKeysTest.canFetchEmptyListOfDeployKeys(MkDeployKeysTest.java:53)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkDeployKeysTest::canRepresentAsJson
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkDeployKeysTest.repo(MkDeployKeysTest.java:126)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkDeployKeysTest.canRepresentAsJson(MkDeployKeysTest.java:109)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkDeployKeysTest::canFetchSingleDeployKey
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkDeployKeysTest.repo(MkDeployKeysTest.java:126)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkDeployKeysTest.canFetchSingleDeployKey(MkDeployKeysTest.java:66)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkDeployKeysTest::canCreateDistinctDeployKeys
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkDeployKeysTest.repo(MkDeployKeysTest.java:126)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkDeployKeysTest.canCreateDistinctDeployKeys(MkDeployKeysTest.java:89)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkForkTest::fetchAsJson
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkForkTest.forks(MkForkTest.java:66)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkForkTest.fetchAsJson(MkForkTest.java:53)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkForksTest::iteratesForks
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkForksTest.repo(MkForksTest.java:74)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkForksTest.iteratesForks(MkForksTest.java:85)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGistTest::readEmptyGistFile
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGists.<init>(MkGists.java:80)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.gists(MkGithub.java:147)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGistTest.readEmptyGistFile(MkGistTest.java:53)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGistTest::fork
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGists.<init>(MkGists.java:80)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.gists(MkGithub.java:147)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGistTest.fork(MkGistTest.java:69)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGistsTest::testStar
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGists.<init>(MkGists.java:80)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.gists(MkGithub.java:147)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGistsTest.testStar(MkGistsTest.java:118)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGistsTest::createGistWithEmptyFile
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGists.<init>(MkGists.java:80)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.gists(MkGithub.java:147)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGistsTest.createGistWithEmptyFile(MkGistsTest.java:164)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGistsTest::worksWithMockedGists
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGists.<init>(MkGists.java:80)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.gists(MkGithub.java:147)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGistsTest.worksWithMockedGists(MkGistsTest.java:54)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGistsTest::removesGistByIdentifier
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGists.<init>(MkGists.java:80)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.gists(MkGithub.java:147)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGistsTest.removesGistByIdentifier(MkGistsTest.java:71)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGistsTest::worksWithSeveralGists
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGists.<init>(MkGists.java:80)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.gists(MkGithub.java:147)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGistsTest.worksWithSeveralGists(MkGistsTest.java:92)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGistsTest::testUnstar
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGists.<init>(MkGists.java:80)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.gists(MkGithub.java:147)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGistsTest.testUnstar(MkGistsTest.java:138)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGitTest::canFetchOwnRepo
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGitTest.repo(MkGitTest.java:78)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGitTest.canFetchOwnRepo(MkGitTest.java:54)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGitTest::givesReferences
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGitTest.repo(MkGitTest.java:78)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGitTest.givesReferences(MkGitTest.java:68)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithubTest::worksWithMockedData
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithubTest.worksWithMockedData(MkGithubTest.java:55)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithubTest::canRelogin
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithubTest.canRelogin(MkGithubTest.java:83)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkHooksTest::canFetchEmptyListOfHooks
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkHooksTest.repo(MkHooksTest.java:144)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkHooksTest.canFetchEmptyListOfHooks(MkHooksTest.java:55)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkHooksTest::canCreateHook
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkHooksTest.repo(MkHooksTest.java:144)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkHooksTest.canCreateHook(MkHooksTest.java:128)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkHooksTest::canFetchNonEmptyListOfHooks
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkHooksTest.repo(MkHooksTest.java:144)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkHooksTest.canFetchNonEmptyListOfHooks(MkHooksTest.java:108)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkHooksTest::canDeleteSingleHook
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkHooksTest.repo(MkHooksTest.java:144)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkHooksTest.canDeleteSingleHook(MkHooksTest.java:69)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkHooksTest::canFetchSingleHook
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkHooksTest.repo(MkHooksTest.java:144)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkHooksTest.canFetchSingleHook(MkHooksTest.java:91)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueLabelsTest::createsLabelsThroughDecorator
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueLabelsTest.repo(MkIssueLabelsTest.java:88)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueLabelsTest.createsLabelsThroughDecorator(MkIssueLabelsTest.java:72)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueLabelsTest::iteratesIssues
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueLabelsTest.repo(MkIssueLabelsTest.java:88)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueLabelsTest.iteratesIssues(MkIssueLabelsTest.java:55)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest::pointsToAnEmptyPullRequest
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest.issue(MkIssueTest.java:222)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest.pointsToAnEmptyPullRequest(MkIssueTest.java:77)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest::changesBody
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest.issue(MkIssueTest.java:222)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest.changesBody(MkIssueTest.java:117)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest::showsIssueAuthor
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest.issue(MkIssueTest.java:222)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest.showsIssueAuthor(MkIssueTest.java:90)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest::canRememberItsAuthor
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest.canRememberItsAuthor(MkIssueTest.java:198)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest::listsReadOnlyLabels
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest.issue(MkIssueTest.java:222)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest.listsReadOnlyLabels(MkIssueTest.java:143)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest::changesTitle
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest.issue(MkIssueTest.java:222)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest.changesTitle(MkIssueTest.java:103)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest::exponsesProperties
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest.issue(MkIssueTest.java:222)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest.exponsesProperties(MkIssueTest.java:131)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest::opensAndCloses
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest.issue(MkIssueTest.java:222)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssueTest.opensAndCloses(MkIssueTest.java:59)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssuesTest::createsNewIssueWithCorrectAuthor
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssuesTest.repo(MkIssuesTest.java:103)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssuesTest.createsNewIssueWithCorrectAuthor(MkIssuesTest.java:72)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssuesTest::iteratesIssues
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssuesTest.repo(MkIssuesTest.java:103)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssuesTest.iteratesIssues(MkIssuesTest.java:56)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssuesTest::createsMultipleIssues
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkIssuesTest.createsMultipleIssues(MkIssuesTest.java:89)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkLabelsTest::deletesLabels
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkLabelsTest.repo(MkLabelsTest.java:108)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkLabelsTest.deletesLabels(MkLabelsTest.java:69)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkLabelsTest::setsLabelColor
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkLabelsTest.repo(MkLabelsTest.java:108)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkLabelsTest.setsLabelColor(MkLabelsTest.java:92)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkLabelsTest::iteratesLabels
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkLabelsTest.repo(MkLabelsTest.java:108)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkLabelsTest.iteratesLabels(MkLabelsTest.java:55)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkMilestonesTest::iteratesMilestones
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkMilestonesTest.repo(MkMilestonesTest.java:126)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkMilestonesTest.iteratesMilestones(MkMilestonesTest.java:113)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkMilestonesTest::returnsRepo
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkMilestonesTest.repo(MkMilestonesTest.java:126)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkMilestonesTest.returnsRepo(MkMilestonesTest.java:55)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkMilestonesTest::removesMilestone
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkMilestonesTest.repo(MkMilestonesTest.java:126)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkMilestonesTest.removesMilestone(MkMilestonesTest.java:94)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkMilestonesTest::createsMilestone
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkMilestonesTest.repo(MkMilestonesTest.java:126)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkMilestonesTest.createsMilestone(MkMilestonesTest.java:66)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkMilestonesTest::getsMilestone
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkMilestonesTest.repo(MkMilestonesTest.java:126)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkMilestonesTest.getsMilestone(MkMilestonesTest.java:81)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkOrganizationsTest::iteratesUserOrganizations
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkOrganizations.<init>(MkOrganizations.java:93)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkOrganizationsTest.iteratesUserOrganizations(MkOrganizationsTest.java:74)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkOrganizationsTest::iteratesOrganizations
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkOrganizations.<init>(MkOrganizations.java:93)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkOrganizationsTest.iteratesOrganizations(MkOrganizationsTest.java:56)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkOrganizationsTest::getSingleOrganization
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkOrganizations.<init>(MkOrganizations.java:93)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkOrganizationsTest.getSingleOrganization(MkOrganizationsTest.java:92)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkOrganizationsTest::testCreatedAt
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkOrganizations.<init>(MkOrganizations.java:93)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkOrganizationsTest.testCreatedAt(MkOrganizationsTest.java:112)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPublicKeyTest::canBePatched
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkUsers.<init>(MkUsers.java:79)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.users(MkGithub.java:157)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPublicKeyTest.canBePatched(MkPublicKeyTest.java:87)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPublicKeyTest::canRetrieveAsJson
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkUsers.<init>(MkUsers.java:79)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.users(MkGithub.java:157)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPublicKeyTest.canRetrieveAsJson(MkPublicKeyTest.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPublicKeysTest::canFetchSingleKey
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkUsers.<init>(MkUsers.java:79)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.users(MkGithub.java:157)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPublicKeysTest.canFetchSingleKey(MkPublicKeysTest.java:68)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPublicKeysTest::canRemoveKey
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkUsers.<init>(MkUsers.java:79)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.users(MkGithub.java:157)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPublicKeysTest.canRemoveKey(MkPublicKeysTest.java:97)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPublicKeysTest::canCreatePublicKey
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkUsers.<init>(MkUsers.java:79)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.users(MkGithub.java:157)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPublicKeysTest.canCreatePublicKey(MkPublicKeysTest.java:82)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPublicKeysTest::retrievesKeys
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkUsers.<init>(MkUsers.java:79)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.users(MkGithub.java:157)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPublicKeysTest.retrievesKeys(MkPublicKeysTest.java:53)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentTest::executePatchRequest
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentTest.comment(MkPullCommentTest.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentTest.executePatchRequest(MkPullCommentTest.java:67)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentTest::retrieveAsJson
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentTest.comment(MkPullCommentTest.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentTest.retrieveAsJson(MkPullCommentTest.java:52)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentsTest::fetchesPullComment
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentsTest.comments(MkPullCommentsTest.java:243)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentsTest.fetchesPullComment(MkPullCommentsTest.java:59)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentsTest::postsPullComment
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentsTest.repo(MkPullCommentsTest.java:158)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentsTest.postsPullComment(MkPullCommentsTest.java:127)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentsTest::createsPullCommentReply
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentsTest.comments(MkPullCommentsTest.java:243)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentsTest.createsPullCommentReply(MkPullCommentsTest.java:189)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentsTest::removesPullComment
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentsTest.comments(MkPullCommentsTest.java:243)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentsTest.removesPullComment(MkPullCommentsTest.java:215)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentsTest::iteratesRepoPullComments
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentsTest.comments(MkPullCommentsTest.java:243)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentsTest.iteratesRepoPullComments(MkPullCommentsTest.java:74)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentsTest::iteratesPullRequestComments
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentsTest.comments(MkPullCommentsTest.java:243)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullCommentsTest.iteratesPullRequestComments(MkPullCommentsTest.java:104)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullTest::canGetCommentsNumberIfZero
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullTest.repo(MkPullTest.java:175)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullTest.canGetCommentsNumberIfZero(MkPullTest.java:87)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullTest::canPatchJson
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullTest.repo(MkPullTest.java:175)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullTest.canPatchJson(MkPullTest.java:158)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullTest::canGetComments
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullTest.repo(MkPullTest.java:175)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullTest.canGetComments(MkPullTest.java:118)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullTest::canGetCommentsNumberIfNonZero
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullTest.repo(MkPullTest.java:175)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullTest.canGetCommentsNumberIfNonZero(MkPullTest.java:101)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullTest::canRetrieveAsJson
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullTest.repo(MkPullTest.java:175)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullTest.canRetrieveAsJson(MkPullTest.java:135)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullsTest::canCreateAPull
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullsTest.repo(MkPullsTest.java:94)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkPullsTest.canCreateAPull(MkPullsTest.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferenceTest::returnsName
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferenceTest.reference(MkReferenceTest.java:113)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferenceTest.returnsName(MkReferenceTest.java:55)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferenceTest::returnsRepo
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferenceTest.reference(MkReferenceTest.java:113)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferenceTest.returnsRepo(MkReferenceTest.java:67)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferenceTest::fetchesJson
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferenceTest.reference(MkReferenceTest.java:113)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferenceTest.fetchesJson(MkReferenceTest.java:78)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferenceTest::patchesRef
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferenceTest.reference(MkReferenceTest.java:113)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferenceTest.patchesRef(MkReferenceTest.java:96)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferencesTest::iteratesReferences
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferencesTest.repo(MkReferencesTest.java:117)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferencesTest.iteratesReferences(MkReferencesTest.java:81)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferencesTest::returnsRepo
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferencesTest.repo(MkReferencesTest.java:117)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferencesTest.returnsRepo(MkReferencesTest.java:68)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferencesTest::removesReference
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferencesTest.repo(MkReferencesTest.java:117)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferencesTest.removesReference(MkReferencesTest.java:97)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferencesTest::createsMkReference
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferencesTest.repo(MkReferencesTest.java:117)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReferencesTest.createsMkReference(MkReferencesTest.java:55)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest::fetchesNumber
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest.release(MkReleaseAssetTest.java:212)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest.fetchesNumber(MkReleaseAssetTest.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest::canPatchJson
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest.release(MkReleaseAssetTest.java:212)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest.canPatchJson(MkReleaseAssetTest.java:164)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest::fetchesRawRepresentation
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest.release(MkReleaseAssetTest.java:212)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest.fetchesRawRepresentation(MkReleaseAssetTest.java:190)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest::removesAsset
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest.release(MkReleaseAssetTest.java:212)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest.removesAsset(MkReleaseAssetTest.java:90)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest::fetchesRelease
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest.release(MkReleaseAssetTest.java:212)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest.fetchesRelease(MkReleaseAssetTest.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest::canRepresentAsJson
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest.release(MkReleaseAssetTest.java:212)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest.canRepresentAsJson(MkReleaseAssetTest.java:143)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest::removesSeveralAssets
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest.release(MkReleaseAssetTest.java:212)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetTest.removesSeveralAssets(MkReleaseAssetTest.java:112)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetsTest::uploadsNewAsset
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetsTest.release(MkReleaseAssetsTest.java:121)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetsTest.uploadsNewAsset(MkReleaseAssetsTest.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetsTest::iteratesAssets
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetsTest.release(MkReleaseAssetsTest.java:121)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetsTest.iteratesAssets(MkReleaseAssetsTest.java:91)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetsTest::fetchesRelease
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetsTest.release(MkReleaseAssetsTest.java:121)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetsTest.fetchesRelease(MkReleaseAssetsTest.java:108)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetsTest::fetchesSingleAsset
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetsTest.release(MkReleaseAssetsTest.java:121)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseAssetsTest.fetchesSingleAsset(MkReleaseAssetsTest.java:74)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest::canGetCommitish
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.releases(MkReleaseTest.java:248)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.release(MkReleaseTest.java:239)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.canGetCommitish(MkReleaseTest.java:148)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest::canGetPublichedAt
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.releases(MkReleaseTest.java:248)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.release(MkReleaseTest.java:239)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.canGetPublichedAt(MkReleaseTest.java:206)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest::canGetBody
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.releases(MkReleaseTest.java:248)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.release(MkReleaseTest.java:239)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.canGetBody(MkReleaseTest.java:176)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest::canGetName
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.releases(MkReleaseTest.java:248)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.release(MkReleaseTest.java:239)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.canGetName(MkReleaseTest.java:162)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest::canDeleteRelease
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.releases(MkReleaseTest.java:248)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.canDeleteRelease(MkReleaseTest.java:63)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest::canGetTag
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.releases(MkReleaseTest.java:248)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.release(MkReleaseTest.java:239)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.canGetTag(MkReleaseTest.java:134)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest::canGetUrl
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.releases(MkReleaseTest.java:248)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.release(MkReleaseTest.java:239)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.canGetUrl(MkReleaseTest.java:78)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest::canGetCreatedAt
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.releases(MkReleaseTest.java:248)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.release(MkReleaseTest.java:239)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.canGetCreatedAt(MkReleaseTest.java:190)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest::canGetHtmlUrl
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.releases(MkReleaseTest.java:248)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.release(MkReleaseTest.java:239)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.canGetHtmlUrl(MkReleaseTest.java:106)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest::canGetUploadUrl
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.releases(MkReleaseTest.java:248)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.release(MkReleaseTest.java:239)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.canGetUploadUrl(MkReleaseTest.java:120)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest::canGetAssetsUrl
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.releases(MkReleaseTest.java:248)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.release(MkReleaseTest.java:239)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleaseTest.canGetAssetsUrl(MkReleaseTest.java:92)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleasesTest::canFetchNonEmptyListOfReleases
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleasesTest.repo(MkReleasesTest.java:142)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleasesTest.canFetchNonEmptyListOfReleases(MkReleasesTest.java:66)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleasesTest::iteratesReleases
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleasesTest.repo(MkReleasesTest.java:142)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleasesTest.iteratesReleases(MkReleasesTest.java:107)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleasesTest::canFetchEmptyListOfReleases
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleasesTest.repo(MkReleasesTest.java:142)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleasesTest.canFetchEmptyListOfReleases(MkReleasesTest.java:53)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleasesTest::canRemoveRelease
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleasesTest.repo(MkReleasesTest.java:142)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleasesTest.canRemoveRelease(MkReleasesTest.java:122)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleasesTest::canFetchSingleRelease
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleasesTest.repo(MkReleasesTest.java:142)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleasesTest.canFetchSingleRelease(MkReleasesTest.java:82)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleasesTest::canCreateRelease
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleasesTest.repo(MkReleasesTest.java:142)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReleasesTest.canCreateRelease(MkReleasesTest.java:92)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoCommitTest::canGetJson
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoCommitTest.canGetJson(MkRepoCommitTest.java:124)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoCommitsTest::canCompareAsDiffFormat
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoCommits.<init>(MkRepoCommits.java:93)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoCommitsTest.canCompareAsDiffFormat(MkRepoCommitsTest.java:108)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoCommitsTest::canCompare
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoCommits.<init>(MkRepoCommits.java:93)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoCommitsTest.canCompare(MkRepoCommitsTest.java:89)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoCommitsTest::returnIterator
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoCommits.<init>(MkRepoCommits.java:93)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoCommitsTest.returnIterator(MkRepoCommitsTest.java:54)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoCommitsTest::getCommit
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoCommits.<init>(MkRepoCommits.java:93)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoCommitsTest.getCommit(MkRepoCommitsTest.java:72)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoTest::fetchCommits
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoCommits.<init>(MkRepoCommits.java:93)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepo.commits(MkRepo.java:243)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoTest.fetchCommits(MkRepoTest.java:93)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoTest::works
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoTest.works(MkRepoTest.java:56)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoTest::returnsMkMilestones
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepoTest.returnsMkMilestones(MkRepoTest.java:72)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReposTest::createsRepository
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReposTest.createsRepository(MkReposTest.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.rules.ExpectedException$ExpectedExceptionStatement.evaluate(ExpectedException.java:168)
	at org.junit.rules.RunRules.evaluate(RunRules.java:20)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReposTest::removesRepo
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReposTest.removesRepo(MkReposTest.java:97)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.rules.ExpectedException$ExpectedExceptionStatement.evaluate(ExpectedException.java:168)
	at org.junit.rules.RunRules.evaluate(RunRules.java:20)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReposTest::createsRepositoryWithDetails
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkReposTest.createsRepositoryWithDetails(MkReposTest.java:78)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.rules.ExpectedException$ExpectedExceptionStatement.evaluate(ExpectedException.java:168)
	at org.junit.rules.RunRules.evaluate(RunRules.java:20)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkSearchTest::canSearchForRepos
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkSearchTest.canSearchForRepos(MkSearchTest.java:55)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkSearchTest::canSearchForUsers
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkUsers.<init>(MkUsers.java:79)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.users(MkGithub.java:157)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkSearchTest.canSearchForUsers(MkSearchTest.java:90)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkSearchTest::canSearchForIssues
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkSearchTest.canSearchForIssues(MkSearchTest.java:72)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkTagTest::fetchesContent
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkTagTest.tag(MkTagTest.java:69)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkTagTest.fetchesContent(MkTagTest.java:55)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkTagsTest::createsMkTag
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkRepos.<init>(MkRepos.java:82)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.repos(MkGithub.java:137)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkTagsTest.repo(MkTagsTest.java:72)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkTagsTest.createsMkTag(MkTagsTest.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkUserEmailsTest::canRemoveEmails
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkUsers.<init>(MkUsers.java:79)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.users(MkGithub.java:157)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkUserEmailsTest.canRemoveEmails(MkUserEmailsTest.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkUserEmailsTest::canAddEmails
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkUsers.<init>(MkUsers.java:79)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.users(MkGithub.java:157)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkUserEmailsTest.canAddEmails(MkUserEmailsTest.java:55)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkUserEmailsTest::canIterateEmails
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkUsers.<init>(MkUsers.java:79)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.users(MkGithub.java:157)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkUserEmailsTest.canIterateEmails(MkUserEmailsTest.java:102)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.MkUserEmailsTest::canRepresentAsJson
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException: lock should be taken before method call
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkStorage$InFile.apply(MkStorage.java:166)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkUsers.<init>(MkUsers.java:79)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkGithub.users(MkGithub.java:157)
	at com.jcabi.github.mock.MkUserEmailsTest.canRepresentAsJson(MkUserEmailsTest.java:124)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.mock.package-info
java.lang.Exception: Test class should have exactly one public constructor
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.validateOnlyOneConstructor(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:134)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.validateConstructor(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:123)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.collectInitializationErrors(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:103)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.validate(ParentRunner.java:355)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.<init>(ParentRunner.java:76)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.<init>(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:57)
	at org.junit.internal.builders.JUnit4Builder.runnerForClass(JUnit4Builder.java:10)
	at org.junit.runners.model.RunnerBuilder.safeRunnerForClass(RunnerBuilder.java:59)
	at org.junit.internal.builders.AllDefaultPossibilitiesBuilder.runnerForClass(AllDefaultPossibilitiesBuilder.java:26)
	at org.junit.runners.model.RunnerBuilder.safeRunnerForClass(RunnerBuilder.java:59)
	at org.junit.internal.requests.ClassRequest.getRunner(ClassRequest.java:26)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.<init>(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:30)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.<init>(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:24)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor20.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:423)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:474)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.package-info
java.lang.Exception: Test class should have exactly one public constructor
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.validateOnlyOneConstructor(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:134)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.validateConstructor(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:123)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.collectInitializationErrors(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:103)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.validate(ParentRunner.java:355)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.<init>(ParentRunner.java:76)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.<init>(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:57)
	at org.junit.internal.builders.JUnit4Builder.runnerForClass(JUnit4Builder.java:10)
	at org.junit.runners.model.RunnerBuilder.safeRunnerForClass(RunnerBuilder.java:59)
	at org.junit.internal.builders.AllDefaultPossibilitiesBuilder.runnerForClass(AllDefaultPossibilitiesBuilder.java:26)
	at org.junit.runners.model.RunnerBuilder.safeRunnerForClass(RunnerBuilder.java:59)
	at org.junit.internal.requests.ClassRequest.getRunner(ClassRequest.java:26)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.<init>(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:30)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.<init>(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:24)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor20.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:423)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:474)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.jcabi.github.wire.package-info
java.lang.Exception: Test class should have exactly one public constructor
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.validateOnlyOneConstructor(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:134)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.validateConstructor(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:123)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.collectInitializationErrors(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:103)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.validate(ParentRunner.java:355)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.<init>(ParentRunner.java:76)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.<init>(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:57)
	at org.junit.internal.builders.JUnit4Builder.runnerForClass(JUnit4Builder.java:10)
	at org.junit.runners.model.RunnerBuilder.safeRunnerForClass(RunnerBuilder.java:59)
	at org.junit.internal.builders.AllDefaultPossibilitiesBuilder.runnerForClass(AllDefaultPossibilitiesBuilder.java:26)
	at org.junit.runners.model.RunnerBuilder.safeRunnerForClass(RunnerBuilder.java:59)
	at org.junit.internal.requests.ClassRequest.getRunner(ClassRequest.java:26)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.<init>(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:30)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.<init>(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:24)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor20.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:423)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:474)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
